feat: add check for multiple links (#22)
tldr-pages/tldr-lint: README.md

TLDR013     | Title should be alphanumeric with dashes, underscores or spaces
TLDR014     | Page should contain no trailing whitespace
TLDR015     | Example descriptions should start with a capital letter

> TLDR016     | Homepage prefix should be spelled exactly `More information: `
> TLDR017     | Homepage URL should be surrounded with angle brackets
> TLDR018     | Page should only include a single Homepage URL

Reviewer: As I mention in the other comment, the link does not necessarily have to be a homepage. Perhaps this would work better:

```suggestion
TLDR016     | Label for information link should be spelled exactly `More information: `
TLDR017     | Information link should be surrounded with angle brackets
TLDR018     | Page should only include a single information link
```
